the earth itself
is a living breathing organism
inhaling and exhaling
it's a miraculous process
mirrored in all life on this planet
[Music]
it's tempting to think of life as the
inhalation of air
[Music]
but more often than not it's felt in the
exhalation
in the letting go it's in those moments
when we're able to step back no longer
caught up
in the comings and goings of the mind
the jungle is alive with the sounds of
[Music]
life
conversations carried on the wind
as with us this dynamic breath work
signals when we're stressed
excited
it's simply the gentle sigh of
contentment
we're reminded that we're not separate
from the world around us
and that each new breath offers us the
potential
for a calmer kinder
clearer mind
the potential for being present in each
and every moment
[Applause]
[Music]
you